README.md, before:

<h1 align="center"> Machine Learning Library from Scratch with Python</h1>

## Introduction

This is my first project on my blog, [AICoffee](https://ai-coffee.github.io/). In this project, I will "re-built from scratch" state-of-the-art algorithms in ML/DL, but using only Python language. I will use **NumPy library** for better performance on matrix calculation.

One thing you need to know that, I make this project **just for learning and understanding algorithms deeply**, not suitable to apply in real-world problems. I still recommend using many other SOTA libraries for building models.

## 📄 Library Docs
> Still on progress... 😶‍🌫️
### Classification
 - [ ] Logistic Regression
 - [ ] Naive Bayes
 - [x] K-Nearest Neighbors (KNN) - *06 Nov, 2022*
 - [ ] Decision Tree
 - [ ] Support Vector Machine (SVM)
 - [ ] Random Forest
 - [ ] Softmax Regression

### Regression
- [x] Linear Regression
- [ ] Ridge Regression
- [ ] Lasso Regression
- [ ] Decision Tree for Regression
- [ ] Random Forest for Regression
- [ ] K-Nearest Neighbors for Regression
- [ ] Support Vector Regression
- [ ] Gaussian Regression
- [ ] Polynomial Regression

### Clustering
- [ ] K-Means
- [ ] DBSCAN
- [ ] Mean Shift
- [ ] OPTICS
- [ ] Spectral Clustering
- [ ] Mixture of Gaussians
- [ ] Affinity Propagation
- [ ] Agglomerative Clustering
- [ ] BIRCH

### Dimensionality reduction
- [x] Principal Components Analysis (PCA) - *06 Nov, 2022*
- [ ] Factor Analysis (FA)
- [ ] Linear Discriminant Analysis (LDA)
- [ ] Truncated SVD
- [ ] Kernel PCA
- [ ] t-Distributed Stochastic Neighbor Embedding (t-SNE)
- [ ] Multidimensional Scaling (MDS)
- [ ] Isomap

Commit message:

Update fit and predict method, intercept and coefficient attribute

README.md, after:

<h1 align="center"> Machine Learning Library from Scratch with Python</h1>

## Introduction

This is my first project on my blog, [AICoffee](https://ai-coffee.github.io/). In this project, I will "re-built from scratch" state-of-the-art algorithms in ML/DL, but using only Python language. I will use **NumPy library** for better performance on matrix calculation.

One thing you need to know that, I make this project **just for learning and understanding algorithms deeply**, not suitable to apply in real-world problems. I still recommend using many other SOTA libraries for building models.

## 📄 Library Docs
> Still on progress... 😶‍🌫️
### Classification
 - [ ] Logistic Regression
 - [ ] Naive Bayes
 - [x] K-Nearest Neighbors (KNN) - *06 Nov, 2022*
 - [ ] Decision Tree
 - [ ] Support Vector Machine (SVM)
 - [ ] Random Forest
 - [ ] Softmax Regression

### Regression
- [x] Linear Regression
    - *22 Nov, 2022*: Update fit and predict method, intercept and coefficient attribute
- [ ] Ridge Regression
- [ ] Lasso Regression
- [ ] Decision Tree for Regression
- [ ] Random Forest for Regression
- [ ] K-Nearest Neighbors for Regression
- [ ] Support Vector Regression
- [ ] Gaussian Regression
- [ ] Polynomial Regression

### Clustering
- [ ] K-Means
- [ ] DBSCAN
- [ ] Mean Shift
- [ ] OPTICS
- [ ] Spectral Clustering
- [ ] Mixture of Gaussians
- [ ] Affinity Propagation
- [ ] Agglomerative Clustering
- [ ] BIRCH

### Dimensionality reduction
- [x] Principal Components Analysis (PCA) - *06 Nov, 2022*
- [ ] Factor Analysis (FA)
- [ ] Linear Discriminant Analysis (LDA)
- [ ] Truncated SVD
- [ ] Kernel PCA
- [ ] t-Distributed Stochastic Neighbor Embedding (t-SNE)
- [ ] Multidimensional Scaling (MDS)
- [ ] Isomap
